THERAGUN DEAL!!! From today through 19th June 2022, we're discounting the Theragun PRO and Theragun Mini, and offering a few goodies to sweeten the deal: Theragun PRO --> $869 --> AND we're including a FREE Theragun CareKit, which includes gentle yet effective alcohol-free cleansing wipes, a quick-drying, reusable microfiber cloth, and Theragun's QuietForce Solutionspecially formulated to reduce friction, noise, and preserve the moving parts inside your Theragun. Theragun Mini --> $299 --> AND we're including a FREE colourful Theragun mini Skin, to protect your Theragun mini from scratches and residue and add some personality to your device. The silicone Theragun mini Skin fits seamlessly onto your mini and can easily be removed, cleaned, and reused. Compact but powerful, the Theragun mini provides ultra-portable percussion massage with 150 minutes of battery life. The Theragun mini lets you choose between 1750, 2100 and 2400 percussions per minute, with each speed setting scientifically calibrated to give you therapeutic benefits. In keeping with its low profile, the Theragun mini is super quiet, thanks to QuietForce Technology. The Theragun PRO provides the deep muscle treatment professional athletes (and many others!) trust, with the durability and features they need. Enhance muscle recovery, release stress and tension, and soothe discomfort with this smart percussive therapy device that is in a league of its own. Theragun stands by the PRO's professional-grade durability with an industry-leading 2-year warranty. But wait, there's more! We're also discounting to $849 FlexBeam, which maximizes the targeted power of red and near-infrared light for optimal physiological effect. Its unique design allows light to penetrate deep into difficult-to-reach areas of the body such as the knee and shoulder joint which is impossible with flat light panels. Available online at www.rdrc.sg/collections/theragun and www.rdrc.sg/products/recharge-health-flexbeam or in the shop. Check out these great deals (giveaways available while stocks last)! #reddotrunningcompany #reddotrunningco #rdrcsg #theragun Recharge.Health #redlighttherapy