4-In-1 Type C Hub Adapter (MT690) https://www.dezign-lab.com/product/4-in-1-type-c-usb3-0-hub-adapter-mt690/ OUR PRICE $39.00 Product Highlights 4-in-1 Type C Hub Adapter (MT690) Distributed by D.LAB Dezign Laboratories What is the best USB Type-C hub? The best USB-C hubs should have all the ports you desire while still being portable enough to lug around. And of course, it should work well and you should be satisfied with its performance. Laptops with USB-C ports are now almost ubiquitous, as the world moves away from slower, inflexible USB-A ports to this faster, more versatile connection standard. The best USB-C hubs are increasingly necessary, as laptops get thinner and thinner, and include fewer and fewer sockets as a result. By plugging in a USB-C hub, though, you'll instantly increase the number of ports you have to play with, allowing you to connect as many devices as you need. That means whatever you need to connect to your computer, from printers to phones, mice to monitors, you'll be covered. We recommend you this 4-in-1 USB C Hub: USB Type-C *1, (For Charging only) USB 3.0 *1, (Data Transfer) USB 2.0 *2, (Data Transfer) Data Transfer Function Compatibility: MacBook 12, New MacBook Air & Pro (with Thunderbolt 3 ports), ChromeBook, Dell, HP, Lenovo, Acer, Asus and more with USB-C port computers, laptops, tablets and phones. Charging Function Compatibility: The USB-C female port of this product can be used for USB-C Power Delivery. * When using USB PD power adapter, the charging function is compatible with: MacBook 12, New MacBook Air & Pro (with Thunderbolt 3 ports). Windows laptops with USB-C PD charging function. Chromebooks with USB-C PD charging function. Phones and tablets with USB-C PD charging function. * When using Quick Charge / normal power adapter, or your device is not compatible with USB-C PD function, the charging may be slow or not working, such as: Samsung TabPro S. Samsung Galaxy Tab S3. Some devices. The USB-A female port of this product supports power output, by the power is mainly supplied by your device.