Portrait / Nude Life Drawing Workshop at Visual Arts Centre Come join us for our Portrait or Nude Life Drawing Workshop here at Visual Arts Centre - Dhoby Ghaut! This workshop runs regularly every Thursday alternating between our Portrait and Nude Life Drawing Workshops! Also, a model will be present during these workshops Suitable for beginners to advanced students who are keen to explore or enhance their drawing anatomy and composition for portraits or full-length body portraits, as well as for those who are looking for a more in-depth workshop. About Nude Life Drawing Workshop: Learn to observe the human anatomy and acquire life drawing skills by learning proportion, form and composition. Through this guided workshop you will also be able to obtain instructions and tips on life drawing and sketching by our professional art teacher! Additionally, gain a deeper understanding of the human figure that can only be attained through experience and learn the nuances of shape, form and shadow. Join in on the fun and sketch with us! The possibilities are endless!! Each session will be 2.5 hours from 7.30pm - 10pm, with a combination of short and long poses Upcoming Dates: 23/09, 7/10, 21/10, 4/11 About Portrait Life Drawing Workshop: From this workshop, you will learn about facial structures and understand the features, anatomy & proportion. Develop necessary sketching and shading skills to creating a portrait you'll get to bring home! You'll be able to capture various tones, shades shadows, angles, and skin textures through the life observation of a model. In addition, acquire an understanding of portraiture through practice and experience. Each session will be 2.5 hours from 7.30pm - 10pm Upcoming Dates: 30/09, 14/10, 28/10, 18/11 All art materials will be provided! The workshop is also guided by a Professional Artist! So fret not, you will receive feedbacks and tips to improve your work! Fees: 4 Sessions / $220 (Portrait/Nude Life) 1 Session / $65 (Nude Life) $60 (Portrait) Book a seat with us at bookeo.com/visualartscentre or Come down this Thursday, RSVP a spot with us! Refreshments of hot and cold water, tea bags, instant coffee and biscuits are complimentary Call/Whatsapp us @ 62550711 Email: info@visualartscentre.sg *Safe Distancing Measures applies See you soon!