Hello and welcome to the 2nd #toyorgamegiveaway for the upcoming month of June 2021! This week's prize will be 1x Xtrfy K4 Tenkeyless RGB Black Mechanical Keyboard and 1x 1x Xtrfy K4 Tenkeyless RGB White Mechanical Keyboard. 1 winner will be chosen for each color, so 2 winners in total. Check out the rest of our Xtrfy collection in the link below: https://toyorgame.com.sg/collections/xtrfy -------- Prizes only include: 1x Xtrfy K4 Tenkeyless RGB Black Mechanical Keyboard (worth $149.90) 1x Xtrfy K4 Tenkeyless RGB White Mechanical Keyboard (worth $149.90) To enter our giveaway, simply Like & Share this post between today and 7th June 2021! Start Date: 4th June 2021 End Date: 7th June 2021, 11.59pm 2 winners to be announced on 8th June 2021, 11.00am. Do ensure your profile is set to public so that we can see whether you have shared the post. Giveaway is only open to people residing in Singapore. Winners will be announced on the comment section below and will be tagged. If your profile is unable to be tagged, we will copy your profile's URL Handle or Profile ID, you will still be required to check back to see if you have won this giveaway! Winners will be required to PM us his/her contact details and preferred store pickup location. There are no delivery option arrangements for this. Best of luck in winning! -------- Side-note: There has been a lot of impersonation cases in the recent month for us and now even other retailers. We would like to reinforce our giveaway mechanics once again to all: - Winners will be announced on the same post via post edit and comment section at the stipulated timing we set, we will not PM the winners directly or announce winners in advance. Winners will be tagged at their URL handle here if possible. - We do not request winners to click on links to provide info. We simply only request winners to provide us their name, contact number and store pickup location and they will be the one to PM us directly on our Facebook page. - We do not send friend requests. By default, an official Facebook page isn't able to send you a friend request, we can only invite you to follow/like our page and that's about it. - Ultimately, if a request or message seems too good to be true, it is best to think twice and to verify with an official source on its authenticity before you succumb to such an act. This is the general precaution for any type of scam. Thank you. #toyorgamegiveaway